Now, as I mentioned before,
when we hit submit instead of an AddEntry or reset,
we're also going to want to update redux.
But, in order for us to do that we actually need to add redux to our application.
So then what we're going to do in this video,
is before we add redux to our app,
we are going to make a brand new folder,
we'll call it actions and we will just define all of
the actions that are going to occur that need to update our redux store.
So instead of actions,
we will have an index.js file.
And if you think about our app again,
this is the main screen and this is the add entry screen, what we're working on.
There are really two type of actions that will go ahead and update our redux.
For the very first one,
is when we enter in a new entry for the day.
And the second one is whenever we go and fetch
entries from our database and we get those back.
So with that said,
we will have two different constants up here.
The first one we will call it receive entries,
and that's for whenever we go and we fetch entries,
or we fetch all of the days from our calendar from our database and we get those back.
And the second one is going to be
AddEntry and that's for whenever we click on this button right here.
So now what we want to do is let's create our action creator,
so it's going to be two of them.
The first one we will call it receive entries.
It's going to receive all of the entries and then it's going to return
an action which has a type
of receive entries and it's just going to pass along the entries.
And the second action creator we're going to make,
we will call it AddEntry,
it's going to as you probably guessed, receive an entry.
And then it's going to return an action or just an object which has a type of AddEntry.
And then it's going to pass along the entry as well.